Address Carrick's review. (#56)
tlswg/external-psk-design-team: draft-ietf-tls-external-psk-guidance.md

may use externally provisioned PSKs, primarily for the purposes of establishing TLS
connections without requiring the overhead of provisioning and managing PKI certificates.

- Internet of Things (IoT) and devices with limited computational capabilities. {{?RFC7925}} defines TLS and DTLS
  profiles for resource-constrained devices and suggests the use of PSK ciphersuites for compliant devices. The Open
Mobile Alliance Lightweight Machine to Machine Technical Specification {{LwM2M}} states that LwM2M servers MUST support
the PSK mode of DTLS. If all devices may communicate with each other then to achieve full security n squared keys need
to be provisioned. If this would be overly burdensome it is possible to achieve some level of security by distrubuting n

> keys, and operating a central server.

Reviewer: "full security" seems too vague. I'd recommend reverting this change, as I don't think it adds much and isn't consistent with the other items in this list. (This bullet item is identifying IoT as a use case, not explaining all the ways in which IoT systems may use PSKs, and why those certain ways are good or bad or whatever.)

> with each other using the external PSK. It is important to note that any node of the group can behave

Reviewer: Unrelated to your change, but I'd also suggest rewriting this item:

```suggestion
- Group chats. In this use-case, group participants may be provisioned an external PSK out-of-band for establishing authenticated connections with other members of the group.
```

as a TLS client or server.

> - Internet of Things (IoT). In this use-case, resource-constrained IoT devices act as TLS clients and share the same
>   PSK. The devices use this PSK for quickly establishing connections with a central server. Such a scheme ensures that
> the client IoT devices are legitimate members of the system. To perform rare system specific operations that require a
> higher security level, the central server can request resource-intensive client authentication with the usage of a
> certificate after successfully establishing the connection with a PSK. The use of a single PSK for multiple devices in
> this way is not recommended, but may be seen in cases where there is a large turnover in the number of devices. The use
> of connection upgrades may be employed where it is not known in advance whether the higher level of authentication is
> necessary, or to bind a particular action to a particular device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Internet of Things (IoT) and devices with limited computational capabilities. Many PSK provisioning examples are possible in this use-case. For example, in a given setting, IoT devices may all share the same PSK and use it to communicate with a central server (one key for n devices), have their own key for communicating with a central server (n keys for n devices), or have pairwise keys for communicating with each other (n^2 keys for n devices). 

The exact provisioning process depends on the system requirements and threat model. Generally, use of 
a single PSK shared between more than one node is not recommended, even if other accommodations 
are made, such as client certificate authentication after PSK-based connection establishment. 
See {{recommendations}}.
```
